Cokt's strongest connection was with the Bard, [[Krilrym]]. Krilrym acted as the father that Cokt never had. He was a shoulder to cry on and a much needed confidant for a frightened young goblin. One of Cokt's favorite things to do with Krilrym was listen to him sing, and the Bard made sure to teach Cokt as much as the goblin could remember. Cokt was often reprimanded by Kovir for humming tunes during long working sessions, but the Giants were fond of Cokt's accompaniment in their working and party songs.

Cokt hated how Kovir treated his Giants. They were constantly beaten and demeaned. If they underperformed, he would not feed them (though they were not getting enough even when they worked to his standards). Though he always followed orders and was never subject to the same treatment, Cokt could not stand to see his brothers treated like this. He began to develop a deep hatred for Kovir, though he could never let it show, for he had a plan brewing.

Cokt spent much time in Kovir's workshop, so he was around for much of the creation of the firearm. He did not understand the inner workings or the true purpose of the device, but he understood its significance. Kovir would hyper focus on its conception and Cokt was always busy fetching the next piece of the machine. Cokt hated the loud and destructive testing sessions, especially since he had to clean up and repair any damages. As detailed as he could, he would explain everything he saw to Krilrym. Thanks to the Bard's knowledge of the arcane, he was able to pick up more of an understanding of the device than Cokt was. Krilrym understood that the weapon was of great importance to the future of his people, so he began to plan a [[Revolt]].