Kovir was a Giant Artificer, although his creations were a bit unorthodox compared to the other Artificers of the time. He was much more fascinated with the mechanical components than the arcane arts. He was known by some for creating a number of small trinkets that solved mundane tasks, but this all changed when he was approached by the renowned hunter [[Rexton Redbrand]]. Rexton needed a powerful weapon for when he went on his hunts for Giants, and who better than a Giant inventor to create a weapon with their explicit weaknesses in mind. 

Kovir had very low standing in Giant society, mainly due to his numerous business deals with the Human world. He did not hate all of his own kind, but this type of status jump was too much to pass up on. In exchange for his work, Rexton offered the Artificer his old estate, which had plenty of land to grow crops on. On top of this, Rexton would supply Giants to Kovir to be his slaves. It was on one of these shipments that [[Cokt]] was sent to the estate. As time went on and more and more Giants were sent to the Estate, Kovir began to hate his own race.

It was through these shipments, all of which were delivered by associates of Rexton, that Kovir got into contact with the Dragon Cult. They were interested in help designing a large energy beam that could be shot into the stratosphere, and Kovir was intrigued by their plan. Though he did not perform any of the physical labor, he completely designed the system and apparatus, and the machine was built by the Cult.

The [[Revolt]] may have lost Kovir has magnum opus, as well as many slaves, but not his resolve. He still had the plans and a failed prototype that could be improved. He just needed to retrieve some more components before Rexton found out. Kovir set out to meet up with the Clan, who could provide him with the resources he needed, more slaves, and payment for his newly completed designs.

After the events of the Revolt, Kovir would have his fateful reunion with his "Little One". In a long and arduous battle in a canyon, complete with mystical masks, Giant slaves, deception, and an awesome maneuver by [[James the Monk]], Kovir fell at the hands of Cokt and his party. Cokt confronted Kovir in Giant and made his peace before blasting the Giant with his own creation, taking his life.